Cute Mouse driver v1.6 Copyright (c) 1997-1999 Nagy Daniel
Release date: 02-18-1999

Description:
------------

ctmouse.com  - driver for Microsoft, Mouse Systems and Logitech serial mice
ctmousep.com - driver for PS/2 mice
protocol.com - mouse protocol analyzer

These programs are mouse drivers, which support many mouse protocols.
Basically they were written to use as small amount of memory as possible.
The amount of memory they need is about 7K. They try to install themselves
into upper memory first if availbale, so do not load high them with
external utilities (like DOS lh command).

These drivers support standard Microsoft, Mouse Systems, Logitech MouseMan
and PS/2 protocols. There are two separate programs to achieve the smallest
memory requirement possible.

- The first driver autodetects the mouse, but if you're inpatient or the
  detection fails, it is possible to force a specific mode with command line
  options.
- The second driver is for PS/2 only.

Help can be obtainded with the '/?' command line option.

- The prococol analyzer gets its input from COM1 (port 3f8h) if a mouse
  is attached. The only command line option is a number from 3 to 5
  (default is 3), which is the number of packets the mouse sends in a
  single motion or button press/release (see the technote). If the
  driver doesn't work with your mouse, please install a proper driver
  and run this analyzer, maybe your protocol is not supported by CuteMouse.

These programs are freeware, which means that anyone is free to use and
distribute these programs as long as the programs and this documentation
are not modified.
You're not allowed to sell the package and programs based on this source
unless prior agreement with the author!

This driver is part of the FreeDOS project now, with the complete source code.
Check out http://www.freedos.org

Please do not write any e-mails to me asking for including things.
However, working patches with comments and mouse protocol specifications
are welcome.

History:
--------

1.6  - Positioning bugs fixed in videomode 13h
     - Added protocol analyzer (debugging purposes only)

1.5  - Fixed memory allocation bugs
       Bugfixes and optimizations

1.4  - Added self-load high capability
     - Horizontal and vertical speed can be different (good for some games...)
     - Added support for the 1Ah and 1Bh INT 33h calls
     - Fixed some small bugs and a BIG bug

1.3  - Fixed some small bugs and added 'ctmousep.com' for PS/2 mice

1.2a - Fixed a bug in the Driver Disable function (1fh)

1.2  - Added command line option to force IRQ number of COM port

1.1  - Added comand line options to force a specific mode
     - Rewritten Mouse Systems initalization routine. Now more Genius mice
       with 3 buttons will work

1.0  - First public release

Credits go to:
-------------

- Fernando Papa Budzyn for the self-loadhigh capability
- Arkady V. Belousov (ark@mos.ru) for the bugfixes and optimizations
- Robert Riebisch for mode 13h positioning bug fixes
- All who helped me with ideas and codes

Contact:
--------

mailto:nagyd@almos.vein.hu
mailto:heartwork@deathsdoor.com
